Improve callback documentation for `outputs` and `accumulate_grad_batches` (Resolves #15315) (#15327)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/extensions/callbacks.rst

************
Here is the full API of methods available in the Callback base class.

.. note::

    Outputs: Hooks that occur on batch end (e.g. ``on_train_batch_end``) will receive any values returned from that step (such as the loss) in the form of a dictionary named ``outputs``.

>     ``outputs["loss"]`` here will be the normalized value w.r.t ``accumulate_grad_batches`` of the loss returned from ``training_step``.

Reviewer: This is not the right place to put it IMO. 

1. This note is inserted before we explain the Callback: "The Callback class is the base for all the callbacks in Lightning". This seems distracting.
2. I propose to add a simple sentence explaining this in the individual hook documentation. When a user implements the  on_train_batch_end, they would go to the documentation of that hook if they have any question about its signature.

Author: @awaelchli, thanks for the suggestion, this change has been pushed and is ready for review.

>     In the case ``accumulate_grad_batches`` > 1, these values will be normalized by Lightning so that the value provided in ``outputs`` will be the value returned from the training/validation/predict step divided by ``accumulate_grad_batches``

Reviewer 2: 1. only loss is scaled... Other outputs are kept as it is.
2. Also it's the case only with `training_step`. For rest it is same.

I'd recommend adding it to the `training_step` docstring too.

Author: > 1. only loss is scaled... Other outputs are kept as it is.
> 2. Also it's the case only with `training_step`. For rest it is same.
> 
> I'd recommend adding it to the `training_step` docstring too.

Thanks, I'll fix and submit. By `training_step` do you mean the `on_train_batch_end` hook? Or do you want me adjust the actual `training_step` docstring?

Reviewer 2: adjust actual training_step hook. just add a note that the loss returned from here will be normalized internally.

Author: Updated. I tried to find the best location in the training step docstring, and I updated the callback docs to include the specific details you mentioned. Please let me know if further fixes are needed and thank you for the time and help.

.. note::

    Outputs: Hooks that occur on batch end (e.g. ``on_train_batch_end``) will receive any values returned from that step (such as the loss) in the form of a dictionary named ``outputs``.

>     For ``on_train_batch_end``, in the case ``accumulate_grad_batches`` > 1, ``outputs["loss"]`` is normalized by Lightning and will be the same as the value returned from the training/validation/predict step divided by ``accumulate_grad_batches``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``outputs["loss"]`` here will be the normalized value w.r.t ``accumulate_grad_batches`` of the loss returned from ``training_step``.
```
